examples/docs/en-US/calendar.md, before:

## Calendar

Display date.

### Basic

:::demo Set `value` to specify the currently displayed month. If `value` is not specified, current month is displayed. `value` supports two-way binding.
```html
<el-calendar v-model="value">
</el-calendar>

<script>
  export default {
    data() {
      return {
        value: new Date()
      }
    }
  }
</script>
```
:::

### Custom Content

:::demo Customize what is displayed in the calendar cell by setting `scoped-slot` named `dateCell`. In `scoped-slot` you can get the date (the date of the current cell), data (including the type, isSelected, day attribute). For details, please refer to the API documentation below.
```html
<el-calendar>
  <!-- Use 2.5 slot syntax. If you use Vue 2.6, please use new slot syntax-->
  <template
    slot="dateCell"
    slot-scope="{date, data}">
    <p :class="data.isSelected ? 'is-selected' : ''">
      {{ data.day.split('-').slice(1).join('-') }} {{ data.isSelected ? '✔️' : ''}}
    </p>
  </template>
</el-calendar>
<style>
  .is-selected {
    color: #1989FA;
  }
</style>
```
:::

### Range

:::demo Set the `range` attribute to specify the display range of the calendar. Start time must be Monday, end time must be Sunday, and the time span cannot exceed two months.
```html
<el-calendar :range="['2019-03-04', '2019-03-24']">
</el-calendar>
```
:::

### Attributes
| Attribute       | Description        | Type      | Accepted Values       | Default  |
|-----------------|------------------- |---------- |---------------------- |--------- |
| value / v-model | binding value      | Date/string/number | —            | —        |
| range           | time range, including start time and end time. Start time must be Monday, end time must be Sunday, the time span cannot exceed two months | Array  | —  | —  |
| first-day-of-week | fisrt day of week| Number    | 1 to 7                |  1       |

### dateCell scoped slot 参数
| Attribute       | Description   | Type      | Accepted Values       | Default  |
|-----------------|-------------- |---------- |---------------------- |--------- |
| date            | date the cell represents  | Date      | —                     | —        |
| data            | { type, isSelected, day}. `type` indicates which month the date belongs, optional values are prev-month, current-month, next-month; `isSelected` indicates whether the date is selected; `day` is the formatted date in the format yyyy-MM-dd    | Object      | —           | —      |

Commit message:

Calendar: first-day-of-week is not supported when using custom ranges (#16235)

examples/docs/en-US/calendar.md, after:

## Calendar

Display date.

### Basic

:::demo Set `value` to specify the currently displayed month. If `value` is not specified, current month is displayed. `value` supports two-way binding.
```html
<el-calendar v-model="value">
</el-calendar>

<script>
  export default {
    data() {
      return {
        value: new Date()
      }
    }
  }
</script>
```
:::

### Custom Content

:::demo Customize what is displayed in the calendar cell by setting `scoped-slot` named `dateCell`. In `scoped-slot` you can get the date (the date of the current cell), data (including the type, isSelected, day attribute). For details, please refer to the API documentation below.
```html
<el-calendar>
  <!-- Use 2.5 slot syntax. If you use Vue 2.6, please use new slot syntax-->
  <template
    slot="dateCell"
    slot-scope="{date, data}">
    <p :class="data.isSelected ? 'is-selected' : ''">
      {{ data.day.split('-').slice(1).join('-') }} {{ data.isSelected ? '✔️' : ''}}
    </p>
  </template>
</el-calendar>
<style>
  .is-selected {
    color: #1989FA;
  }
</style>
```
:::

### Range

:::demo Set the `range` attribute to specify the display range of the calendar. Start time must be Monday, end time must be Sunday, and the time span cannot exceed two months.
```html
<el-calendar :range="['2019-03-04', '2019-03-24']">
</el-calendar>
```
:::

:::tip
The `first-day-of-week` attribute is not supported when using custom ranges.
:::

### Attributes
| Attribute       | Description        | Type      | Accepted Values       | Default  |
|-----------------|------------------- |---------- |---------------------- |--------- |
| value / v-model | binding value      | Date/string/number | —            | —        |
| range           | time range, including start time and end time. Start time must be Monday, end time must be Sunday, the time span cannot exceed two months | Array  | —  | —  |
| first-day-of-week | fisrt day of week| Number    | 1 to 7                |  1       |

### dateCell scoped slot 参数
| Attribute       | Description   | Type      | Accepted Values       | Default  |
|-----------------|-------------- |---------- |---------------------- |--------- |
| date            | date the cell represents  | Date      | —                     | —        |
| data            | { type, isSelected, day}. `type` indicates which month the date belongs, optional values are prev-month, current-month, next-month; `isSelected` indicates whether the date is selected; `day` is the formatted date in the format yyyy-MM-dd    | Object      | —           | —      |
