examples/docs/en-US/collapse.md, before:

## Collapse

Use Collapse to store contents.

### Basic usage

You can expand multiple panels

:::demo
```html
<el-collapse v-model="activeNames" @change="handleChange">
  <el-collapse-item title="Consistency" name="1">
    <div>Consistent with real life: in line with the process and logic of real life, and comply with languages and habits that the users are used to;</div>
    <div>Consistent within interface: all elements should be consistent, such as: design style, icons and texts, position of elements, etc.</div>
  </el-collapse-item>
  <el-collapse-item title="Feedback" name="2">
    <div>Operation feedback: enable the users to clearly perceive their operations by style updates and interactive effects;</div>
    <div>Visual feedback: reflect current state by updating or rearranging elements of the page.</div>
  </el-collapse-item>
  <el-collapse-item title="Efficiency" name="3">
    <div>Simplify the process: keep operating process simple and intuitive;</div>
    <div>Definite and clear: enunciate your intentions clearly so that the users can quickly understand and make decisions;</div>
    <div>Easy to identify: the interface should be straightforward, which helps the users to identify and frees them from memorizing and recalling.</div>
  </el-collapse-item>
  <el-collapse-item title="Controllability" name="4">
    <div>Decision making: giving advices about operations is acceptable, but do not make decisions for the users;</div>
    <div>Controlled consequences: users should be granted the freedom to operate, including canceling, aborting or terminating current operation.</div>
  </el-collapse-item>
</el-collapse>
<script>
  export default {
    data() {
      return {
        activeNames: ['1']
      };
    },
    methods: {
      handleChange(val) {
        console.log(val);
      }
    }
  }
</script>
```
:::

### Accordion

In accordion mode, only one panel can be expanded at once

:::demo Activate accordion mode using the `accordion` attribute.
```html
<el-collapse v-model="activeName" accordion>
  <el-collapse-item title="Consistency" name="1">
    <div>Consistent with real life: in line with the process and logic of real life, and comply with languages and habits that the users are used to;</div>
    <div>Consistent within interface: all elements should be consistent, such as: design style, icons and texts, position of elements, etc.</div>
  </el-collapse-item>
  <el-collapse-item title="Feedback" name="2">
    <div>Operation feedback: enable the users to clearly perceive their operations by style updates and interactive effects;</div>
    <div>Visual feedback: reflect current state by updating or rearranging elements of the page.</div>
  </el-collapse-item>
  <el-collapse-item title="Efficiency" name="3">
    <div>Simplify the process: keep operating process simple and intuitive;</div>
    <div>Definite and clear: enunciate your intentions clearly so that the users can quickly understand and make decisions;</div>
    <div>Easy to identify: the interface should be straightforward, which helps the users to identify and frees them from memorizing and recalling.</div>
  </el-collapse-item>
  <el-collapse-item title="Controllability" name="4">
    <div>Decision making: giving advices about operations is acceptable, but do not make decisions for the users;</div>
    <div>Controlled consequences: users should be granted the freedom to operate, including canceling, aborting or terminating current operation.</div>
  </el-collapse-item>
</el-collapse>
<script>
  export default {
    data() {
      return {
        activeName: '1'
      };
    }
  }
</script>
```
:::

### Custom title

Besides using the `title` attribute, you can customize panel title with named slots, which makes adding custom content, e.g. icons, possible.

:::demo
```html
<el-collapse accordion>
  <el-collapse-item name="1">
    <template slot="title">
      Consistency<i class="header-icon el-icon-info"></i>
    </template>
    <div>Consistent with real life: in line with the process and logic of real life, and comply with languages and habits that the users are used to;</div>
    <div>Consistent within interface: all elements should be consistent, such as: design style, icons and texts, position of elements, etc.</div>
  </el-collapse-item>
  <el-collapse-item title="Feedback" name="2">
    <div>Operation feedback: enable the users to clearly perceive their operations by style updates and interactive effects;</div>
    <div>Visual feedback: reflect current state by updating or rearranging elements of the page.</div>
  </el-collapse-item>
  <el-collapse-item title="Efficiency" name="3">
    <div>Simplify the process: keep operating process simple and intuitive;</div>
    <div>Definite and clear: enunciate your intentions clearly so that the users can quickly understand and make decisions;</div>
    <div>Easy to identify: the interface should be straightforward, which helps the users to identify and frees them from memorizing and recalling.</div>
  </el-collapse-item>
  <el-collapse-item title="Controllability" name="4">
    <div>Decision making: giving advices about operations is acceptable, but do not make decisions for the users;</div>
    <div>Controlled consequences: users should be granted the freedom to operate, including canceling, aborting or terminating current operation.</div>
  </el-collapse-item>
</el-collapse>
```
:::

### Collapse Attributes
| Attribute      | Description          | Type      | Accepted Values       | Default  |
|---------- |-------------- |---------- |--------------------------------  |-------- |
| value / v-model | currently active panel | string (accordion mode) / array (non-accordion mode) | — | — |
| accordion | whether to activate accordion mode | boolean | — | false |

### Collapse Events
| Event Name | Description | Parameters |
|---------|---------|---------|
| change | triggers when active panels change | (activeNames: array (non-accordion mode) / string (accordion mode)) |

### Collapse Item Attributes
| Attribute      | Description          | Type      | Accepted Values       | Default  |
|---------- |-------------- |---------- |--------------------------------  |-------- |
| name | unique identification of the panel | string/number | — | — |
| title | title of the panel | string | — | — |

Commit message:

Collapse: collapse item can be disabled

examples/docs/en-US/collapse.md, after:

## Collapse

Use Collapse to store contents.

### Basic usage

You can expand multiple panels

:::demo
```html
<el-collapse v-model="activeNames" @change="handleChange">
  <el-collapse-item title="Consistency" name="1">
    <div>Consistent with real life: in line with the process and logic of real life, and comply with languages and habits that the users are used to;</div>
    <div>Consistent within interface: all elements should be consistent, such as: design style, icons and texts, position of elements, etc.</div>
  </el-collapse-item>
  <el-collapse-item title="Feedback" name="2">
    <div>Operation feedback: enable the users to clearly perceive their operations by style updates and interactive effects;</div>
    <div>Visual feedback: reflect current state by updating or rearranging elements of the page.</div>
  </el-collapse-item>
  <el-collapse-item title="Efficiency" name="3">
    <div>Simplify the process: keep operating process simple and intuitive;</div>
    <div>Definite and clear: enunciate your intentions clearly so that the users can quickly understand and make decisions;</div>
    <div>Easy to identify: the interface should be straightforward, which helps the users to identify and frees them from memorizing and recalling.</div>
  </el-collapse-item>
  <el-collapse-item title="Controllability" name="4">
    <div>Decision making: giving advices about operations is acceptable, but do not make decisions for the users;</div>
    <div>Controlled consequences: users should be granted the freedom to operate, including canceling, aborting or terminating current operation.</div>
  </el-collapse-item>
</el-collapse>
<script>
  export default {
    data() {
      return {
        activeNames: ['1']
      };
    },
    methods: {
      handleChange(val) {
        console.log(val);
      }
    }
  }
</script>
```
:::

### Accordion

In accordion mode, only one panel can be expanded at once

:::demo Activate accordion mode using the `accordion` attribute.
```html
<el-collapse v-model="activeName" accordion>
  <el-collapse-item title="Consistency" name="1">
    <div>Consistent with real life: in line with the process and logic of real life, and comply with languages and habits that the users are used to;</div>
    <div>Consistent within interface: all elements should be consistent, such as: design style, icons and texts, position of elements, etc.</div>
  </el-collapse-item>
  <el-collapse-item title="Feedback" name="2">
    <div>Operation feedback: enable the users to clearly perceive their operations by style updates and interactive effects;</div>
    <div>Visual feedback: reflect current state by updating or rearranging elements of the page.</div>
  </el-collapse-item>
  <el-collapse-item title="Efficiency" name="3">
    <div>Simplify the process: keep operating process simple and intuitive;</div>
    <div>Definite and clear: enunciate your intentions clearly so that the users can quickly understand and make decisions;</div>
    <div>Easy to identify: the interface should be straightforward, which helps the users to identify and frees them from memorizing and recalling.</div>
  </el-collapse-item>
  <el-collapse-item title="Controllability" name="4">
    <div>Decision making: giving advices about operations is acceptable, but do not make decisions for the users;</div>
    <div>Controlled consequences: users should be granted the freedom to operate, including canceling, aborting or terminating current operation.</div>
  </el-collapse-item>
</el-collapse>
<script>
  export default {
    data() {
      return {
        activeName: '1'
      };
    }
  }
</script>
```
:::

### Custom title

Besides using the `title` attribute, you can customize panel title with named slots, which makes adding custom content, e.g. icons, possible.

:::demo
```html
<el-collapse accordion>
  <el-collapse-item name="1">
    <template slot="title">
      Consistency<i class="header-icon el-icon-info"></i>
    </template>
    <div>Consistent with real life: in line with the process and logic of real life, and comply with languages and habits that the users are used to;</div>
    <div>Consistent within interface: all elements should be consistent, such as: design style, icons and texts, position of elements, etc.</div>
  </el-collapse-item>
  <el-collapse-item title="Feedback" name="2">
    <div>Operation feedback: enable the users to clearly perceive their operations by style updates and interactive effects;</div>
    <div>Visual feedback: reflect current state by updating or rearranging elements of the page.</div>
  </el-collapse-item>
  <el-collapse-item title="Efficiency" name="3">
    <div>Simplify the process: keep operating process simple and intuitive;</div>
    <div>Definite and clear: enunciate your intentions clearly so that the users can quickly understand and make decisions;</div>
    <div>Easy to identify: the interface should be straightforward, which helps the users to identify and frees them from memorizing and recalling.</div>
  </el-collapse-item>
  <el-collapse-item title="Controllability" name="4">
    <div>Decision making: giving advices about operations is acceptable, but do not make decisions for the users;</div>
    <div>Controlled consequences: users should be granted the freedom to operate, including canceling, aborting or terminating current operation.</div>
  </el-collapse-item>
</el-collapse>
```
:::

### Collapse Attributes
| Attribute      | Description          | Type      | Accepted Values       | Default  |
|---------- |-------------- |---------- |--------------------------------  |-------- |
| value / v-model | currently active panel | string (accordion mode) / array (non-accordion mode) | — | — |
| accordion | whether to activate accordion mode | boolean | — | false |

### Collapse Events
| Event Name | Description | Parameters |
|---------|---------|---------|
| change | triggers when active panels change | (activeNames: array (non-accordion mode) / string (accordion mode)) |

### Collapse Item Attributes
| Attribute      | Description          | Type      | Accepted Values       | Default  |
|---------- |-------------- |---------- |--------------------------------  |-------- |
| name      | unique identification of the panel | string/number | — | — |
| title     | title of the panel                 | string        | — | — |
| disabled  | disable the collapse item          | boolean       | — | — |
