examples/docs/en-US/date-picker.md, before:


## DatePicker

Use Date Picker for date input.

###  Enter Date

Basic date picker measured by 'day'.

:::demo The measurement is determined by the `type` attribute. You can enable quick options by creating a `picker-options` object with `shortcuts` property. The disabled date is set by `disabledDate`, which is a function.

```html
<template>
  <div class="block">
    <span class="demonstration">Default</span>
    <el-date-picker
      v-model="value1"
      type="date"
      placeholder="Pick a day">
    </el-date-picker>
  </div>
  <div class="block">
    <span class="demonstration">Picker with quick options</span>
    <el-date-picker
      v-model="value2"
      type="date"
      placeholder="Pick a day"
      :picker-options="pickerOptions">
    </el-date-picker>
  </div>
</template>

<script>
  export default {
    data() {
      return {
        pickerOptions: {
          disabledDate(time) {
            return time.getTime() > Date.now();
          },
          shortcuts: [{
            text: 'Today',
            onClick(picker) {
              picker.$emit('pick', new Date());
            }
          }, {
            text: 'Yesterday',
            onClick(picker) {
              const date = new Date();
              date.setTime(date.getTime() - 3600 * 1000 * 24);
              picker.$emit('pick', date);
            }
          }, {
            text: 'A week ago',
            onClick(picker) {
              const date = new Date();
              date.setTime(date.getTime() - 3600 * 1000 * 24 * 7);
              picker.$emit('pick', date);
            }
          }]
        },
        value1: '',
        value2: '',
      };
    }
  };
</script>
```
:::

### Other measurements

You can choose week, month, year or multiple dates by extending the standard date picker component.

:::demo

```html
<div class="container">
  <div class="block">
    <span class="demonstration">Week</span>
    <el-date-picker
      v-model="value1"
      type="week"
      format="Week WW"
      placeholder="Pick a week">
    </el-date-picker>
  </div>
  <div class="block">
    <span class="demonstration">Month</span>
    <el-date-picker
      v-model="value2"
      type="month"
      placeholder="Pick a month">
    </el-date-picker>
  </div>
</div>
<div class="container">
  <div class="block">
    <span class="demonstration">Year</span>
    <el-date-picker
      v-model="value3"
      type="year"
      placeholder="Pick a year">
    </el-date-picker>
  </div>
  <div class="block">
    <span class="demonstration">Dates</span>
    <el-date-picker
      type="dates"
      v-model="value4"
      placeholder="Pick one or more dates">
    </el-date-picker>
  </div>
</div>

<script>
  export default {
    data() {
      return {
        value1: '',
        value2: '',
        value3: '',
        value4: ''
      };
    }
  };
</script>
```

:::

###  Date Range

Picking a date range is supported.

:::demo When in range mode, the left and right panels are linked by default. If you want the two panels to switch current months independently, you can use the `unlink-panels` attribute.

```html
<template>
  <div class="block">
    <span class="demonstration">Default</span>
    <el-date-picker
      v-model="value1"
      type="daterange"
      range-separator="To"
      start-placeholder="Start date"
      end-placeholder="End date">
    </el-date-picker>
  </div>
  <div class="block">
    <span class="demonstration">With quick options</span>
    <el-date-picker
      v-model="value2"
      type="daterange"
      align="right"
      unlink-panels
      range-separator="To"
      start-placeholder="Start date"
      end-placeholder="End date"
      :picker-options="pickerOptions">
    </el-date-picker>
  </div>
</template>

<script>
  export default {
    data() {
      return {
        pickerOptions: {
          shortcuts: [{
            text: 'Last week',
            onClick(picker) {
              const end = new Date();
              const start = new Date();
              start.setTime(start.getTime() - 3600 * 1000 * 24 * 7);
              picker.$emit('pick', [start, end]);
            }
          }, {
            text: 'Last month',
            onClick(picker) {
              const end = new Date();
              const start = new Date();
              start.setTime(start.getTime() - 3600 * 1000 * 24 * 30);
              picker.$emit('pick', [start, end]);
            }
          }, {
            text: 'Last 3 months',
            onClick(picker) {
              const end = new Date();
              const start = new Date();
              start.setTime(start.getTime() - 3600 * 1000 * 24 * 90);
              picker.$emit('pick', [start, end]);
            }
          }]
        },
        value1: '',
        value2: ''
      };
    }
  };
</script>
```

:::

### Month Range

Picking a month range is supported.

:::demo When in range mode, the left and right panels are linked by default. If you want the two panels to switch current years independently, you can use the `unlink-panels` attribute.
```html
<template>
  <div class="block">
    <span class="demonstration">Default</span>
    <el-date-picker
      v-model="value1"
      type="monthrange"
      range-separator="To"
      start-placeholder="Start month"
      end-placeholder="End month">
    </el-date-picker>
  </div>
  <div class="block">
    <span class="demonstration">With quick options</span>
    <el-date-picker
      v-model="value2"
      type="monthrange"
      align="right"
      unlink-panels
      range-separator="To"
      start-placeholder="Start month"
      end-placeholder="End month"
      :picker-options="pickerOptions">
    </el-date-picker>
  </div>
</template>

<script>
  export default {
    data() {
      return {
        pickerOptions: {
          shortcuts: [{
            text: 'This month',
            onClick(picker) {
              picker.$emit('pick', [new Date(), new Date()]);
            }
          }, {
            text: 'This year',
            onClick(picker) {
              const end = new Date();
              const start = new Date(new Date().getFullYear(), 0);
              picker.$emit('pick', [start, end]);
            }
          }, {
            text: 'Last 6 months',
            onClick(picker) {
              const end = new Date();
              const start = new Date();
              start.setMonth(start.getMonth() - 6);
              picker.$emit('pick', [start, end]);
            }
          }]
        },
        value1: '',
        value2: ''
      };
    }
  };
</script>
```
:::

###  Default Value

If user hasn't picked a date, shows today's calendar by default. You can use `default-value` to set another date. Its value should be parsable by `new Date()`.

If type is `daterange`, `default-value` sets the left side calendar.

:::demo
```html
<template>
  <div class="block">
    <span class="demonstration">date</span>
    <el-date-picker
      v-model="value1"
      type="date"
      placeholder="Pick a date"
      default-value="2010-10-01">
    </el-date-picker>
  </div>
  <div class="block">
    <span class="demonstration">daterange</span>
    <el-date-picker
      v-model="value2"
      type="daterange"
      align="right"
      start-placeholder="Start Date"
      end-placeholder="End Date"
      default-value="2010-10-01">
    </el-date-picker>
  </div>
</template>

<script>
  export default {
    data() {
      return {
        value1: '',
        value2: ''
      };
    }
  };
</script>
```
:::

###  Date Formats
Use `format` to control displayed text's format in the input box. Use `value-format` to control binding value's format.

By default, the component accepts and emits a `Date` object. Below are supported format strings, using UTC 2017-01-02 03:04:05 as an example:

:::warning
Pay attention to capitalization
:::

| format | meaning | note | example |
|------|------|------|------|------|
| `yyyy` | year | | 2017 |
| `M`  | month | no leading 0 | 1 |
| `MM` | month | | 01 |
| `MMM` | month | | Jan |
| `MMMM` | month | | January |
| `W`  | week | only for week picker's `format`; no leading 0 | 1 |
| `WW` | week | only for week picker's `format`| 01 |
| `d`  | day | no leading 0 | 2 |
| `dd` | day | | 02 |
| `H`  | hour | 24-hour clock; no leading 0 | 3 |
| `HH` | hour | 24-hour clock | 03 |
| `h`  | hour | 12-hour clock; must be used with `A` or `a`; no leading 0 | 3 |
| `hh` | hour | 12-hour clock; must be used with `A` or `a` | 03 |
| `m`  | minute | no leading 0 | 4 |
| `mm` | minute | | 04 |
| `s`  | second | no leading 0 | 5 |
| `ss` | second | | 05 |
| `A`  | AM/PM | only for `format`, uppercased | AM |
| `a`  | am/pm | only for `format`, lowercased | am |
| `timestamp` | JS timestamp | only for `value-format`; binding value will be a `number` | 1483326245000 |
| `[MM]` | No escape characters | To escape characters, wrap them in square brackets (e.g. [A] [MM]) | MM |

:::demo
```html
<template>
  <div class="block">
    <span class="demonstration">Emits Date object</span>
    <div class="demonstration">Value: {{ value1 }}</div>
    <el-date-picker
      v-model="value1"
      type="date"
      placeholder="Pick a Date"
      format="yyyy/MM/dd">
    </el-date-picker>
  </div>
  <div class="block">
    <span class="demonstration">Use value-format</span>
    <div class="demonstration">Value: {{ value2 }}</div>
    <el-date-picker
      v-model="value2"
      type="date"
      placeholder="Pick a Date"
      format="yyyy/MM/dd"
      value-format="yyyy-MM-dd">
    </el-date-picker>
  </div>
  <div class="block">
    <span class="demonstration">Timestamp</span>
    <div class="demonstration">Value：{{ value3 }}</div>
    <el-date-picker
      v-model="value3"
      type="date"
      placeholder="Pick a Date"
      format="yyyy/MM/dd"
      value-format="timestamp">
    </el-date-picker>
  </div>
</template>

<script>
  export default {
    data() {
      return {
        value1: '',
        value2: '',
        value3: ''
      };
    }
  };
</script>
```
:::

###  Default time for start date and end date

When picking a date range, you can assign the time part for start date and end date.

:::demo By default, the time part of start date and end date are both `00:00:00`. Setting `default-time` can change their time respectively. It accepts an array of up to two strings with the format of `12:00:00`. The first string sets the time for the start date, and the second for the end date.
```html
<template>
  <div class="block">
    <p>Component value：{{ value }}</p>
    <el-date-picker
      v-model="value"
      type="daterange"
      start-placeholder="Start date"
      end-placeholder="End date"
      :default-time="['00:00:00', '23:59:59']">
    </el-date-picker>
  </div>
</template>

<script>
  export default {
    data() {
      return {
        value: ''
      };
    }
  };
</script>
```
:::

### Attributes
| Attribute      | Description          | Type      | Accepted Values       | Default  |
|---------- |-------------- |---------- |--------------------------------  |-------- |
| value / v-model | binding value | date(DatePicker) / array(DateRangePicker) | — | — |
| readonly | whether DatePicker is read only | boolean | — | false |
| disabled | whether DatePicker is disabled | boolean | — | false |
| size | size of Input | string | large/small/mini | — |
| editable | whether the input is editable | boolean | — | true |
| clearable | whether to show clear button | boolean | — | true |
| placeholder | placeholder in non-range mode | string | — | — |
| start-placeholder | placeholder for the start date in range mode | string | — | — |
| end-placeholder | placeholder for the end date in range mode | string | — | — |
| type | type of the picker | string | year/month/date/dates/datetime/ week/datetimerange/daterange/ monthrange | date |
| format | format of the displayed value in the input box | string | see [date formats](#/en-US/component/date-picker#date-formats) | yyyy-MM-dd |
| align | alignment | left/center/right | left |
| popper-class | custom class name for DatePicker's dropdown | string | — | — |
| picker-options | additional options, check the table below | object | — | {} |
| range-separator | range separator | string | — | '-' |
| default-value | optional, default date of the calendar | Date | anything accepted by `new Date()` | — |
| default-time | optional, the time value to use when selecting date range | string[] | Array with length 2, each item is a string like `12:00:00`. The first item for the start date and then second item for the end date | — |
| value-format | optional, format of binding value. If not specified, the binding value will be a Date object | string | see [date formats](#/en-US/component/date-picker#date-formats) | — |
| name | same as `name` in native input | string | — | — |
| unlink-panels | unlink two date-panels in range-picker | boolean | — | false |
| prefix-icon | Custom prefix icon class | string | — | el-icon-date |
| clear-icon | Custom clear icon class | string | — | el-icon-circle-close |
| validate-event | whether to trigger form validation | boolean | - | true |

### Picker Options
| Attribute      | Description          | Type      | Accepted Values       | Default  |
|---------- |-------------- |---------- |--------------------------------  |-------- |
| shortcuts | a { text, onClick } object array to set shortcut options, check the table below | object[] | — | — |
| disabledDate | a function determining if a date is disabled with that date as its parameter. Should return a Boolean | function | — | — |
| cellClassName | set custom className | Function(Date) | — | — |
| firstDayOfWeek | first day of week | Number | 1 to 7 | 7 |
| onPick | a callback that triggers when the selected date is changed. Only for `daterange` and `datetimerange`. | Function({ maxDate, minDate }) | - | - |

### shortcuts
| Attribute      | Description          | Type      | Accepted Values       | Default  |
|---------- |-------------- |---------- |--------------------------------  |-------- |
| text | title of the shortcut | string | — | — |
| onClick | callback function, triggers when the shortcut is clicked, with the `vm` as its parameter. You can change the picker value by emitting the `pick` event. Example: `vm.$emit('pick', new Date())`| function | — | — |


### Events
| Event Name | Description | Parameters |
|---------|--------|---------|
| change | triggers when user confirms the value | component's binding value |
| blur | triggers when Input blurs | component instance |
| focus | triggers when Input focuses | component instance |

### Methods
| Method | Description | Parameters |
|------|--------|-------|
| focus | focus the Input component | — |

### Slots
| Name    | Description |
|---------|-------------|
| range-separator  | custom range separator content |

Commit message:

chore: update docs : date-picker : append-to-body

examples/docs/en-US/date-picker.md, after:


## DatePicker

Use Date Picker for date input.

###  Enter Date

Basic date picker measured by 'day'.

:::demo The measurement is determined by the `type` attribute. You can enable quick options by creating a `picker-options` object with `shortcuts` property. The disabled date is set by `disabledDate`, which is a function.

```html
<template>
  <div class="block">
    <span class="demonstration">Default</span>
    <el-date-picker
      v-model="value1"
      type="date"
      placeholder="Pick a day">
    </el-date-picker>
  </div>
  <div class="block">
    <span class="demonstration">Picker with quick options</span>
    <el-date-picker
      v-model="value2"
      type="date"
      placeholder="Pick a day"
      :picker-options="pickerOptions">
    </el-date-picker>
  </div>
</template>

<script>
  export default {
    data() {
      return {
        pickerOptions: {
          disabledDate(time) {
            return time.getTime() > Date.now();
          },
          shortcuts: [{
            text: 'Today',
            onClick(picker) {
              picker.$emit('pick', new Date());
            }
          }, {
            text: 'Yesterday',
            onClick(picker) {
              const date = new Date();
              date.setTime(date.getTime() - 3600 * 1000 * 24);
              picker.$emit('pick', date);
            }
          }, {
            text: 'A week ago',
            onClick(picker) {
              const date = new Date();
              date.setTime(date.getTime() - 3600 * 1000 * 24 * 7);
              picker.$emit('pick', date);
            }
          }]
        },
        value1: '',
        value2: '',
      };
    }
  };
</script>
```
:::

### Other measurements

You can choose week, month, year or multiple dates by extending the standard date picker component.

:::demo

```html
<div class="container">
  <div class="block">
    <span class="demonstration">Week</span>
    <el-date-picker
      v-model="value1"
      type="week"
      format="Week WW"
      placeholder="Pick a week">
    </el-date-picker>
  </div>
  <div class="block">
    <span class="demonstration">Month</span>
    <el-date-picker
      v-model="value2"
      type="month"
      placeholder="Pick a month">
    </el-date-picker>
  </div>
</div>
<div class="container">
  <div class="block">
    <span class="demonstration">Year</span>
    <el-date-picker
      v-model="value3"
      type="year"
      placeholder="Pick a year">
    </el-date-picker>
  </div>
  <div class="block">
    <span class="demonstration">Dates</span>
    <el-date-picker
      type="dates"
      v-model="value4"
      placeholder="Pick one or more dates">
    </el-date-picker>
  </div>
</div>

<script>
  export default {
    data() {
      return {
        value1: '',
        value2: '',
        value3: '',
        value4: ''
      };
    }
  };
</script>
```

:::

###  Date Range

Picking a date range is supported.

:::demo When in range mode, the left and right panels are linked by default. If you want the two panels to switch current months independently, you can use the `unlink-panels` attribute.

```html
<template>
  <div class="block">
    <span class="demonstration">Default</span>
    <el-date-picker
      v-model="value1"
      type="daterange"
      range-separator="To"
      start-placeholder="Start date"
      end-placeholder="End date">
    </el-date-picker>
  </div>
  <div class="block">
    <span class="demonstration">With quick options</span>
    <el-date-picker
      v-model="value2"
      type="daterange"
      align="right"
      unlink-panels
      range-separator="To"
      start-placeholder="Start date"
      end-placeholder="End date"
      :picker-options="pickerOptions">
    </el-date-picker>
  </div>
</template>

<script>
  export default {
    data() {
      return {
        pickerOptions: {
          shortcuts: [{
            text: 'Last week',
            onClick(picker) {
              const end = new Date();
              const start = new Date();
              start.setTime(start.getTime() - 3600 * 1000 * 24 * 7);
              picker.$emit('pick', [start, end]);
            }
          }, {
            text: 'Last month',
            onClick(picker) {
              const end = new Date();
              const start = new Date();
              start.setTime(start.getTime() - 3600 * 1000 * 24 * 30);
              picker.$emit('pick', [start, end]);
            }
          }, {
            text: 'Last 3 months',
            onClick(picker) {
              const end = new Date();
              const start = new Date();
              start.setTime(start.getTime() - 3600 * 1000 * 24 * 90);
              picker.$emit('pick', [start, end]);
            }
          }]
        },
        value1: '',
        value2: ''
      };
    }
  };
</script>
```

:::

### Month Range

Picking a month range is supported.

:::demo When in range mode, the left and right panels are linked by default. If you want the two panels to switch current years independently, you can use the `unlink-panels` attribute.
```html
<template>
  <div class="block">
    <span class="demonstration">Default</span>
    <el-date-picker
      v-model="value1"
      type="monthrange"
      range-separator="To"
      start-placeholder="Start month"
      end-placeholder="End month">
    </el-date-picker>
  </div>
  <div class="block">
    <span class="demonstration">With quick options</span>
    <el-date-picker
      v-model="value2"
      type="monthrange"
      align="right"
      unlink-panels
      range-separator="To"
      start-placeholder="Start month"
      end-placeholder="End month"
      :picker-options="pickerOptions">
    </el-date-picker>
  </div>
</template>

<script>
  export default {
    data() {
      return {
        pickerOptions: {
          shortcuts: [{
            text: 'This month',
            onClick(picker) {
              picker.$emit('pick', [new Date(), new Date()]);
            }
          }, {
            text: 'This year',
            onClick(picker) {
              const end = new Date();
              const start = new Date(new Date().getFullYear(), 0);
              picker.$emit('pick', [start, end]);
            }
          }, {
            text: 'Last 6 months',
            onClick(picker) {
              const end = new Date();
              const start = new Date();
              start.setMonth(start.getMonth() - 6);
              picker.$emit('pick', [start, end]);
            }
          }]
        },
        value1: '',
        value2: ''
      };
    }
  };
</script>
```
:::

###  Default Value

If user hasn't picked a date, shows today's calendar by default. You can use `default-value` to set another date. Its value should be parsable by `new Date()`.

If type is `daterange`, `default-value` sets the left side calendar.

:::demo
```html
<template>
  <div class="block">
    <span class="demonstration">date</span>
    <el-date-picker
      v-model="value1"
      type="date"
      placeholder="Pick a date"
      default-value="2010-10-01">
    </el-date-picker>
  </div>
  <div class="block">
    <span class="demonstration">daterange</span>
    <el-date-picker
      v-model="value2"
      type="daterange"
      align="right"
      start-placeholder="Start Date"
      end-placeholder="End Date"
      default-value="2010-10-01">
    </el-date-picker>
  </div>
</template>

<script>
  export default {
    data() {
      return {
        value1: '',
        value2: ''
      };
    }
  };
</script>
```
:::

###  Date Formats
Use `format` to control displayed text's format in the input box. Use `value-format` to control binding value's format.

By default, the component accepts and emits a `Date` object. Below are supported format strings, using UTC 2017-01-02 03:04:05 as an example:

:::warning
Pay attention to capitalization
:::

| format | meaning | note | example |
|------|------|------|------|------|
| `yyyy` | year | | 2017 |
| `M`  | month | no leading 0 | 1 |
| `MM` | month | | 01 |
| `MMM` | month | | Jan |
| `MMMM` | month | | January |
| `W`  | week | only for week picker's `format`; no leading 0 | 1 |
| `WW` | week | only for week picker's `format`| 01 |
| `d`  | day | no leading 0 | 2 |
| `dd` | day | | 02 |
| `H`  | hour | 24-hour clock; no leading 0 | 3 |
| `HH` | hour | 24-hour clock | 03 |
| `h`  | hour | 12-hour clock; must be used with `A` or `a`; no leading 0 | 3 |
| `hh` | hour | 12-hour clock; must be used with `A` or `a` | 03 |
| `m`  | minute | no leading 0 | 4 |
| `mm` | minute | | 04 |
| `s`  | second | no leading 0 | 5 |
| `ss` | second | | 05 |
| `A`  | AM/PM | only for `format`, uppercased | AM |
| `a`  | am/pm | only for `format`, lowercased | am |
| `timestamp` | JS timestamp | only for `value-format`; binding value will be a `number` | 1483326245000 |
| `[MM]` | No escape characters | To escape characters, wrap them in square brackets (e.g. [A] [MM]) | MM |

:::demo
```html
<template>
  <div class="block">
    <span class="demonstration">Emits Date object</span>
    <div class="demonstration">Value: {{ value1 }}</div>
    <el-date-picker
      v-model="value1"
      type="date"
      placeholder="Pick a Date"
      format="yyyy/MM/dd">
    </el-date-picker>
  </div>
  <div class="block">
    <span class="demonstration">Use value-format</span>
    <div class="demonstration">Value: {{ value2 }}</div>
    <el-date-picker
      v-model="value2"
      type="date"
      placeholder="Pick a Date"
      format="yyyy/MM/dd"
      value-format="yyyy-MM-dd">
    </el-date-picker>
  </div>
  <div class="block">
    <span class="demonstration">Timestamp</span>
    <div class="demonstration">Value：{{ value3 }}</div>
    <el-date-picker
      v-model="value3"
      type="date"
      placeholder="Pick a Date"
      format="yyyy/MM/dd"
      value-format="timestamp">
    </el-date-picker>
  </div>
</template>

<script>
  export default {
    data() {
      return {
        value1: '',
        value2: '',
        value3: ''
      };
    }
  };
</script>
```
:::

###  Default time for start date and end date

When picking a date range, you can assign the time part for start date and end date.

:::demo By default, the time part of start date and end date are both `00:00:00`. Setting `default-time` can change their time respectively. It accepts an array of up to two strings with the format of `12:00:00`. The first string sets the time for the start date, and the second for the end date.
```html
<template>
  <div class="block">
    <p>Component value：{{ value }}</p>
    <el-date-picker
      v-model="value"
      type="daterange"
      start-placeholder="Start date"
      end-placeholder="End date"
      :default-time="['00:00:00', '23:59:59']">
    </el-date-picker>
  </div>
</template>

<script>
  export default {
    data() {
      return {
        value: ''
      };
    }
  };
</script>
```
:::

### Attributes
| Attribute      | Description          | Type      | Accepted Values       | Default  |
|---------- |-------------- |---------- |--------------------------------  |-------- |
| value / v-model | binding value | date(DatePicker) / array(DateRangePicker) | — | — |
| readonly | whether DatePicker is read only | boolean | — | false |
| disabled | whether DatePicker is disabled | boolean | — | false |
| size | size of Input | string | large/small/mini | — |
| editable | whether the input is editable | boolean | — | true |
| clearable | whether to show clear button | boolean | — | true |
| placeholder | placeholder in non-range mode | string | — | — |
| start-placeholder | placeholder for the start date in range mode | string | — | — |
| end-placeholder | placeholder for the end date in range mode | string | — | — |
| type | type of the picker | string | year/month/date/dates/datetime/ week/datetimerange/daterange/ monthrange | date |
| format | format of the displayed value in the input box | string | see [date formats](#/en-US/component/date-picker#date-formats) | yyyy-MM-dd |
| align | alignment | left/center/right | left |
| popper-class | custom class name for DatePicker's dropdown | string | — | — |
| picker-options | additional options, check the table below | object | — | {} |
| range-separator | range separator | string | — | '-' |
| default-value | optional, default date of the calendar | Date | anything accepted by `new Date()` | — |
| default-time | optional, the time value to use when selecting date range | string[] | Array with length 2, each item is a string like `12:00:00`. The first item for the start date and then second item for the end date | — |
| value-format | optional, format of binding value. If not specified, the binding value will be a Date object | string | see [date formats](#/en-US/component/date-picker#date-formats) | — |
| name | same as `name` in native input | string | — | — |
| unlink-panels | unlink two date-panels in range-picker | boolean | — | false |
| prefix-icon | Custom prefix icon class | string | — | el-icon-date |
| clear-icon | Custom clear icon class | string | — | el-icon-circle-close |
| validate-event | whether to trigger form validation | boolean | - | true |
| append-to-body| whether to append the popper menu to body. If the positioning of the popper is wrong, you can try to set this prop to false | boolean | - | true |

### Picker Options
| Attribute      | Description          | Type      | Accepted Values       | Default  |
|---------- |-------------- |---------- |--------------------------------  |-------- |
| shortcuts | a { text, onClick } object array to set shortcut options, check the table below | object[] | — | — |
| disabledDate | a function determining if a date is disabled with that date as its parameter. Should return a Boolean | function | — | — |
| cellClassName | set custom className | Function(Date) | — | — |
| firstDayOfWeek | first day of week | Number | 1 to 7 | 7 |
| onPick | a callback that triggers when the selected date is changed. Only for `daterange` and `datetimerange`. | Function({ maxDate, minDate }) | - | - |

### shortcuts
| Attribute      | Description          | Type      | Accepted Values       | Default  |
|---------- |-------------- |---------- |--------------------------------  |-------- |
| text | title of the shortcut | string | — | — |
| onClick | callback function, triggers when the shortcut is clicked, with the `vm` as its parameter. You can change the picker value by emitting the `pick` event. Example: `vm.$emit('pick', new Date())`| function | — | — |


### Events
| Event Name | Description | Parameters |
|---------|--------|---------|
| change | triggers when user confirms the value | component's binding value |
| blur | triggers when Input blurs | component instance |
| focus | triggers when Input focuses | component instance |

### Methods
| Method | Description | Parameters |
|------|--------|-------|
| focus | focus the Input component | — |

### Slots
| Name    | Description |
|---------|-------------|
| range-separator  | custom range separator content |
