examples/docs/en-US/input.md, before:

﻿<script>
  export default {
    data() {
      return {
        links: [],
        input: '',
        input1: '',
        input2: '',
        input21: '',
        input22: '',
        input23: '',
        input3: '',
        input4: '',
        input5: '',
        input6: '',
        input7: '',
        input8: '',
        input9: '',
        input10: '',
        textarea: '',
        textarea2: '',
        textarea3: '',
        select: '',
        state1: '',
        state2: '',
        state3: '',
        state4: ''
      };
    },
    methods: {
      loadAll() {
        return [
          { "value": "vue", "link": "https://github.com/vuejs/vue" },
          { "value": "element", "link": "https://github.com/ElemeFE/element" },
          { "value": "cooking", "link": "https://github.com/ElemeFE/cooking" },
          { "value": "mint-ui", "link": "https://github.com/ElemeFE/mint-ui" },
          { "value": "vuex", "link": "https://github.com/vuejs/vuex" },
          { "value": "vue-router", "link": "https://github.com/vuejs/vue-router" },
          { "value": "babel", "link": "https://github.com/babel/babel" }
        ];
      },
      querySearch(queryString, cb) {
        var links = this.links;
        var results = queryString ? links.filter(this.createStateFilter(queryString)) : links;

        cb(results);
      },
      querySearchAsync(queryString, cb) {
        var links = this.links;
        var results = queryString ? links.filter(this.createStateFilter(queryString)) : links;

        clearTimeout(this.timeout);
        this.timeout = setTimeout(() => {
          cb(results);
        }, 3000 * Math.random());
      },
      createStateFilter(queryString) {
        return (state) => {
          return (state.value.toLowerCase().indexOf(queryString.toLowerCase()) === 0);
        };
      },
      handleSelect(item) {
        console.log(item);
      },
      handleIconClick(ev) {
        console.log(ev);
      }
    },
    mounted() {
      this.links = this.loadAll();
    }
  };
</script>

<style>
  .demo-input.demo-en-US {
    .el-select .el-input {
      width: 130px;
    }
    .el-input {
      width: 180px;
    }
    .el-textarea {
      width: 414px;
    }
    .el-input-group {
      width: 100%;
    }
    .demo-input-size {
      .el-input {
        vertical-align: top;
        margin: 0 10px 10px 0;
      }
    }
    .demo-input-suffix {
      padding: 10px;
    }
    .demo-input-suffix .el-input {
      margin-right: 15px;
    }
    .demo-input-label {
      display: inline-block;
      width: 130px;
    }
    .input-with-select .el-input-group__prepend {
      background-color: #fff;
    }
    .demo-autocomplete {
      text-align: center;

      .sub-title {
        margin-bottom: 10px;
        font-size: 14px;
        color: #8492a6;
      }

      .el-col:not(:last-child) {
        border-right: 1px solid rgba(224,230,237,0.50);
      }

      .el-autocomplete {
        text-align: left;
      }
    }
  }
  .el-autocomplete-suggestion.my-autocomplete {
    li {
      line-height: normal;
      padding: 7px *;

      .name {
        text-overflow: ellipsis;
        overflow: hidden;
      }
      .addr {
        font-size: 12px;
        color: #b4b4b4;
      }
      .highlighted .addr {
        color: #ddd;
      }
    }
  }
</style>

## Input

Input data using mouse or keyboard.

### Basic usage

:::demo

```html
<el-input placeholder="Please input" v-model="input"></el-input>

<script>
export default {
  data() {
    return {
      input: ''
    }
  }
}
</script>
```
:::

### Disabled

:::demo Disable the Input with the `disabled` attribute.

```html
<el-input
  placeholder="Please input"
  v-model="input1"
  :disabled="true">
</el-input>

<script>
export default {
  data() {
    return {
      input1: ''
    }
  }
}
</script>
```
:::

### Clearable

:::demo Make the Input clearable with the `clearable` attribute.

```html
<el-input
  placeholder="Please input"
  v-model="input10"
  clearable>
</el-input>

<script>
export default {
  data() {
    return {
      input10: ''
    }
  }
}
</script>
```
:::

### Input with icon

Add an icon to indicate input type.

:::demo To add icons in Input, you can simply use `prefix-icon` and `suffix-icon` attributes. Also, the `prefix` and `suffix` named slots works as well.
```html
<div class="demo-input-suffix">
  <span class="demo-input-label">Using attributes</span>
  <el-input
    placeholder="Pick a date"
    suffix-icon="el-icon-date"
    v-model="input2">
  </el-input>
  <el-input
    placeholder="Type something"
    prefix-icon="el-icon-search"
    v-model="input21">
  </el-input>
</div>
<div class="demo-input-suffix">
  <span class="demo-input-label">Using slots</span>
  <el-input
    placeholder="Pick a date"
    v-model="input22">
    <i slot="suffix" class="el-input__icon el-icon-date"></i>
  </el-input>
  <el-input
    placeholder="Type something"
    v-model="input23">
    <i slot="prefix" class="el-input__icon el-icon-search"></i>
  </el-input>
</div>

<style>
  .demo-input-label {
    display: inline-block;
    width: 130px;
  }
</style>

<script>
export default {
  data() {
    return {
      input2: '',
      input21: '',
      input22: '',
      input23: ''
    }
  }
}
</script>
```
:::

### Textarea

Resizable for entering multiple lines of text information. Add attribute `type="textarea"` to change `input` into native `textarea`.

:::demo Control the height by setting the `rows` prop.

```html
<el-input
  type="textarea"
  :rows="2"
  placeholder="Please input"
  v-model="textarea">
</el-input>

<script>
export default {
  data() {
    return {
      textarea: ''
    }
  }
}
</script>
```
:::

### Autosize Textarea

Setting the `autosize` prop for a textarea type of Input makes the height to automatically adjust based on the content. An options object can be provided to `autosize` to specify the minimum and maximum number of lines the textarea can automatically adjust.

:::demo

```html
<el-input
  type="textarea"
  autosize
  placeholder="Please input"
  v-model="textarea2">
</el-input>
<div style="margin: 20px 0;"></div>
<el-input
  type="textarea"
  :autosize="{ minRows: 2, maxRows: 4}"
  placeholder="Please input"
  v-model="textarea3">
</el-input>

<script>
export default {
  data() {
    return {
      textarea2: '',
      textarea3: ''
    }
  }
}
</script>
```
:::

### Mixed input

Prepend or append an element, generally a label or a button.

:::demo Use `slot` to distribute elements that prepend or append to Input.

```html
<div>
  <el-input placeholder="Please input" v-model="input3">
    <template slot="prepend">Http://</template>
  </el-input>
</div>
<div style="margin-top: 15px;">
  <el-input placeholder="Please input" v-model="input4">
    <template slot="append">.com</template>
  </el-input>
</div>
<div style="margin-top: 15px;">
  <el-input placeholder="Please input" v-model="input5" class="input-with-select">
    <el-select v-model="select" slot="prepend" placeholder="Select">
      <el-option label="Restaurant" value="1"></el-option>
      <el-option label="Order No." value="2"></el-option>
      <el-option label="Tel" value="3"></el-option>
    </el-select>
    <el-button slot="append" icon="el-icon-search"></el-button>
  </el-input>
</div>

<style>
  .el-select .el-input {
    width: 110px;
  }
  .input-with-select .el-input-group__prepend {
    background-color: #fff;
  }
</style>
<script>
export default {
  data() {
    return {
      input3: '',
      input4: '',
      input5: '',
      select: ''
    }
  }
}
</script>
```
:::

### Sizes

:::demo Add `size` attribute to change the size of Input. In addition to the default size, there are three other options: `large`, `small` and `mini`.
```html
<div class="demo-input-size">
  <el-input
    placeholder="Please Input"
    v-model="input6">
  </el-input>
  <el-input
    size="medium"
    placeholder="Please Input"
    v-model="input7">
  </el-input>
  <el-input
    size="small"
    placeholder="Please Input"
    v-model="input8">
  </el-input>
  <el-input
    size="mini"
    placeholder="Please Input"
    v-model="input9">
  </el-input>
</div>

<script>
export default {
  data() {
    return {
      input6: '',
      input7: '',
      input8: '',
      input9: ''
    }
  }
}
</script>
```
:::

### Autocomplete

You can get some recommended tips based on the current input.

:::demo Autocomplete component provides input suggestions. The `fetch-suggestions` attribute is a method that returns suggested input. In this example, `querySearch(queryString, cb)` returns suggestions to Autocomplete via `cb(data)` when suggestions are ready.
```html
<el-row class="demo-autocomplete">
  <el-col :span="12">
    <div class="sub-title">list suggestions when activated</div>
    <el-autocomplete
      class="inline-input"
      v-model="state1"
      :fetch-suggestions="querySearch"
      placeholder="Please Input"
      @select="handleSelect"
    ></el-autocomplete>
  </el-col>
  <el-col :span="12">
    <div class="sub-title">list suggestions on input</div>
    <el-autocomplete
      class="inline-input"
      v-model="state2"
      :fetch-suggestions="querySearch"
      placeholder="Please Input"
      :trigger-on-focus="false"
      @select="handleSelect"
    ></el-autocomplete>
  </el-col>
</el-row>
<script>
  export default {
    data() {
      return {
        links: [],
        state1: '',
        state2: ''
      };
    },
    methods: {
      querySearch(queryString, cb) {
        var links = this.links;
        var results = queryString ? links.filter(this.createFilter(queryString)) : links;
        // call callback function to return suggestions
        cb(results);
      },
      createFilter(queryString) {
        return (link) => {
          return (link.value.toLowerCase().indexOf(queryString.toLowerCase()) === 0);
        };
      },
      loadAll() {
        return [
          { "value": "vue", "link": "https://github.com/vuejs/vue" },
          { "value": "element", "link": "https://github.com/ElemeFE/element" },
          { "value": "cooking", "link": "https://github.com/ElemeFE/cooking" },
          { "value": "mint-ui", "link": "https://github.com/ElemeFE/mint-ui" },
          { "value": "vuex", "link": "https://github.com/vuejs/vuex" },
          { "value": "vue-router", "link": "https://github.com/vuejs/vue-router" },
          { "value": "babel", "link": "https://github.com/babel/babel" }
         ];
      },
      handleSelect(item) {
        console.log(item);
      }
    },
    mounted() {
      this.links = this.loadAll();
    }
  }
</script>
```
:::

### Custom template

Customize how suggestions are displayed.

:::demo Use `scoped slot` to customize suggestion items. In the scope, you can access the suggestion object via the `item` key.
```html
<el-autocomplete
  popper-class="my-autocomplete"
  v-model="state3"
  :fetch-suggestions="querySearch"
  placeholder="Please input"
  @select="handleSelect">
  <i
    class="el-icon-edit el-input__icon"
    slot="suffix"
    @click="handleIconClick">
  </i>
  <template slot-scope="{ item }">
    <div class="value">{{ item.value }}</div>
    <span class="link">{{ item.link }}</span>
  </template>
</el-autocomplete>

<style>
  .my-autocomplete {
    li {
      line-height: normal;
      padding: 7px;

      .value {
        text-overflow: ellipsis;
        overflow: hidden;
      }
      .link {
        font-size: 12px;
        color: #b4b4b4;
      }
    }
  }
</style>

<script>
  export default {
    data() {
      return {
        links: [],
        state3: ''
      };
    },
    methods: {
      querySearch(queryString, cb) {
        var links = this.links;
        var results = queryString ? links.filter(this.createFilter(queryString)) : links;
        // call callback function to return suggestion objects
        cb(results);
      },
      createFilter(queryString) {
        return (link) => {
          return (link.value.toLowerCase().indexOf(queryString.toLowerCase()) === 0);
        };
      },
      loadAll() {
        return [
          { "value": "vue", "link": "https://github.com/vuejs/vue" },
          { "value": "element", "link": "https://github.com/ElemeFE/element" },
          { "value": "cooking", "link": "https://github.com/ElemeFE/cooking" },
          { "value": "mint-ui", "link": "https://github.com/ElemeFE/mint-ui" },
          { "value": "vuex", "link": "https://github.com/vuejs/vuex" },
          { "value": "vue-router", "link": "https://github.com/vuejs/vue-router" },
          { "value": "babel", "link": "https://github.com/babel/babel" }
         ];
      },
      handleSelect(item) {
        console.log(item);
      },
      handleIconClick(ev) {
        console.log(ev);
      }
    },
    mounted() {
      this.links = this.loadAll();
    }
  }
</script>
```
:::

### Remote search

Search data from server-side.

:::demo
```html
<el-autocomplete
  v-model="state4"
  :fetch-suggestions="querySearchAsync"
  placeholder="Please input"
  @select="handleSelect"
></el-autocomplete>
<script>
  export default {
    data() {
      return {
        links: [],
        state4: '',
        timeout:  null
      };
    },
    methods: {
      loadAll() {
        return [
          { "value": "vue", "link": "https://github.com/vuejs/vue" },
          { "value": "element", "link": "https://github.com/ElemeFE/element" },
          { "value": "cooking", "link": "https://github.com/ElemeFE/cooking" },
          { "value": "mint-ui", "link": "https://github.com/ElemeFE/mint-ui" },
          { "value": "vuex", "link": "https://github.com/vuejs/vuex" },
          { "value": "vue-router", "link": "https://github.com/vuejs/vue-router" },
          { "value": "babel", "link": "https://github.com/babel/babel" }
         ];
      },
      querySearchAsync(queryString, cb) {
        var links = this.links;
        var results = queryString ? links.filter(this.createFilter(queryString)) : links;

        clearTimeout(this.timeout);
        this.timeout = setTimeout(() => {
          cb(results);
        }, 3000 * Math.random());
      },
      createFilter(queryString) {
        return (link) => {
          return (link.value.toLowerCase().indexOf(queryString.toLowerCase()) === 0);
        };
      },
      handleSelect(item) {
        console.log(item);
      }
    },
    mounted() {
      this.links = this.loadAll();
    }
  };
</script>
```
:::

### Input Attributes

| Attribute      | Description          | Type      | Accepted Values       | Default  |
| ----| ----| ----| ---- | ----- |
|type| type of input | string | text, textarea and other [native input types](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input#Form_%3Cinput%3E_types) | text |
|value / v-model| binding value | string / number| — | — |
|maxlength| same as `maxlength` in native input | number| — | — |
|minlength| same as `minlength` in native input | number | — | — |
|placeholder| placeholder of Input| string | — | — |
| clearable | whether to show clear button | boolean | — | false |
|disabled | whether Input is disabled | boolean | — | false |
|size | size of Input, works when `type` is not 'textarea' | string | medium / small / mini | — |
| prefix-icon   | prefix icon class  | string          | — | — |
| suffix-icon   | suffix icon class  | string          | — | — |
|rows | number of rows of textarea, only works when `type` is 'textarea' | number | — | 2 |
|autosize | whether textarea has an adaptive height, only works when `type` is 'textarea'. Can accept an object, e.g. { minRows: 2, maxRows: 6 }  | boolean / object | — | false |
|autocomplete | same as `autocomplete` in native input | string | on/off | off |
|auto-complete | @DEPRECATED in next major version | string | on/off | off |
|name | same as `name` in native input | string | — | — |
| readonly | same as `readonly` in native input | boolean | — | false |
|max | same as `max` in native input | — | — | — |
|min | same as `min` in native input | — | — | — |
|step| same as `step` in native input | — | — | — |
|resize| control the resizability | string | none, both, horizontal, vertical | — |
|autofocus | same as `autofocus` in native input | boolean | — | false |
|form | same as `form` in native input | string | — | — |
| label | label text | string | — | — |
| tabindex | input tabindex | string | - | - |
| validate-event | whether to trigger form validation | boolean | - | true |

### Input slots

| Name | Description |
|------|--------|
| prefix | content as Input prefix, only works when `type` is 'text' |
| suffix | content as Input suffix, only works when `type` is 'text' |
| prepend | content to prepend before Input, only works when `type` is 'text' |
| append | content to append after Input, only works when `type` is 'text' |

### Input Events

| Event Name | Description | Parameters |
|----| ----| ----|
| blur | triggers when Input blurs | (event: Event) |
| focus | triggers when Input focuses | (event: Event) |
| change | triggers when the icon inside Input value change | (value: string \| number) |
| clear | triggers when the Input is cleared by clicking the clear button | — |

### Input Methods

| Method | Description | Parameters |
|------|--------|-------|
| focus | focus the input element | — |
| blur | blur the input element | — |
| select | select the text in input element | — |

### Autocomplete Attributes

Attribute | Description | Type | Options | Default
|----| ----| ----| ---- | -----|
|placeholder| the placeholder of Autocomplete| string | — | — |
| clearable | whether to show clear button | boolean | — | false |
|disabled | whether Autocomplete is disabled  | boolean | — | false|
| value-key | key name of the input suggestion object for display | string | — | value |
|icon | icon name | string | — | — |
|value | binding value | string | — | — |
| debounce | debounce delay when typing, in milliseconds | number | — | 300 |
| placement | placement of the popup menu | string | top / top-start / top-end / bottom / bottom-start / bottom-end | bottom-start |
|fetch-suggestions | a method to fetch input suggestions. When suggestions are ready, invoke `callback(data:[])` to return them to Autocomplete | Function(queryString, callback) | — | — |
| popper-class | custom class name for autocomplete's dropdown | string | — | — |
| trigger-on-focus | whether show suggestions when input focus | boolean | — | true |
| name | same as `name` in native input | string | — | — |
| select-when-unmatched | whether to emit a `select` event on enter when there is no autocomplete match | boolean | — | false |
| label | label text | string | — | — |
| prefix-icon | prefix icon class | string | — | — |
| suffix-icon | suffix icon class | string | — | — |
| hide-loading | whether to hide the loading icon in remote search | boolean | — | false |
| popper-append-to-body | whether to append the dropdown to body. If the positioning of the dropdown is wrong, you can try to set this prop to false | boolean | - | true |

### Autocomplete Slots

| Name | Description |
|------|--------|
| prefix | content as Input prefix |
| suffix | content as Input suffix |
| prepend | content to prepend before Input |
| append | content to append after Input |

### Autocomplete Scoped Slot
| Name | Description |
|------|--------|
| — | Custom content for input suggestions. The scope parameter is { item } |

### Autocomplete Events

| Event Name | Description | Parameters |
|----| ----| ----|
|select | triggers when a suggestion is clicked | suggestion being clicked |

### Autocomplete Methods

| Method | Description | Parameters |
|------|--------|-------|
| focus | focus the input element | — |

Commit message:

autocomplete: add highlight-first-item prop (#14269)

examples/docs/en-US/input.md, after:

﻿<script>
  export default {
    data() {
      return {
        links: [],
        input: '',
        input1: '',
        input2: '',
        input21: '',
        input22: '',
        input23: '',
        input3: '',
        input4: '',
        input5: '',
        input6: '',
        input7: '',
        input8: '',
        input9: '',
        input10: '',
        textarea: '',
        textarea2: '',
        textarea3: '',
        select: '',
        state1: '',
        state2: '',
        state3: '',
        state4: ''
      };
    },
    methods: {
      loadAll() {
        return [
          { "value": "vue", "link": "https://github.com/vuejs/vue" },
          { "value": "element", "link": "https://github.com/ElemeFE/element" },
          { "value": "cooking", "link": "https://github.com/ElemeFE/cooking" },
          { "value": "mint-ui", "link": "https://github.com/ElemeFE/mint-ui" },
          { "value": "vuex", "link": "https://github.com/vuejs/vuex" },
          { "value": "vue-router", "link": "https://github.com/vuejs/vue-router" },
          { "value": "babel", "link": "https://github.com/babel/babel" }
        ];
      },
      querySearch(queryString, cb) {
        var links = this.links;
        var results = queryString ? links.filter(this.createStateFilter(queryString)) : links;

        cb(results);
      },
      querySearchAsync(queryString, cb) {
        var links = this.links;
        var results = queryString ? links.filter(this.createStateFilter(queryString)) : links;

        clearTimeout(this.timeout);
        this.timeout = setTimeout(() => {
          cb(results);
        }, 3000 * Math.random());
      },
      createStateFilter(queryString) {
        return (state) => {
          return (state.value.toLowerCase().indexOf(queryString.toLowerCase()) === 0);
        };
      },
      handleSelect(item) {
        console.log(item);
      },
      handleIconClick(ev) {
        console.log(ev);
      }
    },
    mounted() {
      this.links = this.loadAll();
    }
  };
</script>

<style>
  .demo-input.demo-en-US {
    .el-select .el-input {
      width: 130px;
    }
    .el-input {
      width: 180px;
    }
    .el-textarea {
      width: 414px;
    }
    .el-input-group {
      width: 100%;
    }
    .demo-input-size {
      .el-input {
        vertical-align: top;
        margin: 0 10px 10px 0;
      }
    }
    .demo-input-suffix {
      padding: 10px;
    }
    .demo-input-suffix .el-input {
      margin-right: 15px;
    }
    .demo-input-label {
      display: inline-block;
      width: 130px;
    }
    .input-with-select .el-input-group__prepend {
      background-color: #fff;
    }
    .demo-autocomplete {
      text-align: center;

      .sub-title {
        margin-bottom: 10px;
        font-size: 14px;
        color: #8492a6;
      }

      .el-col:not(:last-child) {
        border-right: 1px solid rgba(224,230,237,0.50);
      }

      .el-autocomplete {
        text-align: left;
      }
    }
  }
  .el-autocomplete-suggestion.my-autocomplete {
    li {
      line-height: normal;
      padding: 7px *;

      .name {
        text-overflow: ellipsis;
        overflow: hidden;
      }
      .addr {
        font-size: 12px;
        color: #b4b4b4;
      }
      .highlighted .addr {
        color: #ddd;
      }
    }
  }
</style>

## Input

Input data using mouse or keyboard.

### Basic usage

:::demo

```html
<el-input placeholder="Please input" v-model="input"></el-input>

<script>
export default {
  data() {
    return {
      input: ''
    }
  }
}
</script>
```
:::

### Disabled

:::demo Disable the Input with the `disabled` attribute.

```html
<el-input
  placeholder="Please input"
  v-model="input1"
  :disabled="true">
</el-input>

<script>
export default {
  data() {
    return {
      input1: ''
    }
  }
}
</script>
```
:::

### Clearable

:::demo Make the Input clearable with the `clearable` attribute.

```html
<el-input
  placeholder="Please input"
  v-model="input10"
  clearable>
</el-input>

<script>
export default {
  data() {
    return {
      input10: ''
    }
  }
}
</script>
```
:::

### Input with icon

Add an icon to indicate input type.

:::demo To add icons in Input, you can simply use `prefix-icon` and `suffix-icon` attributes. Also, the `prefix` and `suffix` named slots works as well.
```html
<div class="demo-input-suffix">
  <span class="demo-input-label">Using attributes</span>
  <el-input
    placeholder="Pick a date"
    suffix-icon="el-icon-date"
    v-model="input2">
  </el-input>
  <el-input
    placeholder="Type something"
    prefix-icon="el-icon-search"
    v-model="input21">
  </el-input>
</div>
<div class="demo-input-suffix">
  <span class="demo-input-label">Using slots</span>
  <el-input
    placeholder="Pick a date"
    v-model="input22">
    <i slot="suffix" class="el-input__icon el-icon-date"></i>
  </el-input>
  <el-input
    placeholder="Type something"
    v-model="input23">
    <i slot="prefix" class="el-input__icon el-icon-search"></i>
  </el-input>
</div>

<style>
  .demo-input-label {
    display: inline-block;
    width: 130px;
  }
</style>

<script>
export default {
  data() {
    return {
      input2: '',
      input21: '',
      input22: '',
      input23: ''
    }
  }
}
</script>
```
:::

### Textarea

Resizable for entering multiple lines of text information. Add attribute `type="textarea"` to change `input` into native `textarea`.

:::demo Control the height by setting the `rows` prop.

```html
<el-input
  type="textarea"
  :rows="2"
  placeholder="Please input"
  v-model="textarea">
</el-input>

<script>
export default {
  data() {
    return {
      textarea: ''
    }
  }
}
</script>
```
:::

### Autosize Textarea

Setting the `autosize` prop for a textarea type of Input makes the height to automatically adjust based on the content. An options object can be provided to `autosize` to specify the minimum and maximum number of lines the textarea can automatically adjust.

:::demo

```html
<el-input
  type="textarea"
  autosize
  placeholder="Please input"
  v-model="textarea2">
</el-input>
<div style="margin: 20px 0;"></div>
<el-input
  type="textarea"
  :autosize="{ minRows: 2, maxRows: 4}"
  placeholder="Please input"
  v-model="textarea3">
</el-input>

<script>
export default {
  data() {
    return {
      textarea2: '',
      textarea3: ''
    }
  }
}
</script>
```
:::

### Mixed input

Prepend or append an element, generally a label or a button.

:::demo Use `slot` to distribute elements that prepend or append to Input.

```html
<div>
  <el-input placeholder="Please input" v-model="input3">
    <template slot="prepend">Http://</template>
  </el-input>
</div>
<div style="margin-top: 15px;">
  <el-input placeholder="Please input" v-model="input4">
    <template slot="append">.com</template>
  </el-input>
</div>
<div style="margin-top: 15px;">
  <el-input placeholder="Please input" v-model="input5" class="input-with-select">
    <el-select v-model="select" slot="prepend" placeholder="Select">
      <el-option label="Restaurant" value="1"></el-option>
      <el-option label="Order No." value="2"></el-option>
      <el-option label="Tel" value="3"></el-option>
    </el-select>
    <el-button slot="append" icon="el-icon-search"></el-button>
  </el-input>
</div>

<style>
  .el-select .el-input {
    width: 110px;
  }
  .input-with-select .el-input-group__prepend {
    background-color: #fff;
  }
</style>
<script>
export default {
  data() {
    return {
      input3: '',
      input4: '',
      input5: '',
      select: ''
    }
  }
}
</script>
```
:::

### Sizes

:::demo Add `size` attribute to change the size of Input. In addition to the default size, there are three other options: `large`, `small` and `mini`.
```html
<div class="demo-input-size">
  <el-input
    placeholder="Please Input"
    v-model="input6">
  </el-input>
  <el-input
    size="medium"
    placeholder="Please Input"
    v-model="input7">
  </el-input>
  <el-input
    size="small"
    placeholder="Please Input"
    v-model="input8">
  </el-input>
  <el-input
    size="mini"
    placeholder="Please Input"
    v-model="input9">
  </el-input>
</div>

<script>
export default {
  data() {
    return {
      input6: '',
      input7: '',
      input8: '',
      input9: ''
    }
  }
}
</script>
```
:::

### Autocomplete

You can get some recommended tips based on the current input.

:::demo Autocomplete component provides input suggestions. The `fetch-suggestions` attribute is a method that returns suggested input. In this example, `querySearch(queryString, cb)` returns suggestions to Autocomplete via `cb(data)` when suggestions are ready.
```html
<el-row class="demo-autocomplete">
  <el-col :span="12">
    <div class="sub-title">list suggestions when activated</div>
    <el-autocomplete
      class="inline-input"
      v-model="state1"
      :fetch-suggestions="querySearch"
      placeholder="Please Input"
      @select="handleSelect"
    ></el-autocomplete>
  </el-col>
  <el-col :span="12">
    <div class="sub-title">list suggestions on input</div>
    <el-autocomplete
      class="inline-input"
      v-model="state2"
      :fetch-suggestions="querySearch"
      placeholder="Please Input"
      :trigger-on-focus="false"
      @select="handleSelect"
    ></el-autocomplete>
  </el-col>
</el-row>
<script>
  export default {
    data() {
      return {
        links: [],
        state1: '',
        state2: ''
      };
    },
    methods: {
      querySearch(queryString, cb) {
        var links = this.links;
        var results = queryString ? links.filter(this.createFilter(queryString)) : links;
        // call callback function to return suggestions
        cb(results);
      },
      createFilter(queryString) {
        return (link) => {
          return (link.value.toLowerCase().indexOf(queryString.toLowerCase()) === 0);
        };
      },
      loadAll() {
        return [
          { "value": "vue", "link": "https://github.com/vuejs/vue" },
          { "value": "element", "link": "https://github.com/ElemeFE/element" },
          { "value": "cooking", "link": "https://github.com/ElemeFE/cooking" },
          { "value": "mint-ui", "link": "https://github.com/ElemeFE/mint-ui" },
          { "value": "vuex", "link": "https://github.com/vuejs/vuex" },
          { "value": "vue-router", "link": "https://github.com/vuejs/vue-router" },
          { "value": "babel", "link": "https://github.com/babel/babel" }
         ];
      },
      handleSelect(item) {
        console.log(item);
      }
    },
    mounted() {
      this.links = this.loadAll();
    }
  }
</script>
```
:::

### Custom template

Customize how suggestions are displayed.

:::demo Use `scoped slot` to customize suggestion items. In the scope, you can access the suggestion object via the `item` key.
```html
<el-autocomplete
  popper-class="my-autocomplete"
  v-model="state3"
  :fetch-suggestions="querySearch"
  placeholder="Please input"
  @select="handleSelect">
  <i
    class="el-icon-edit el-input__icon"
    slot="suffix"
    @click="handleIconClick">
  </i>
  <template slot-scope="{ item }">
    <div class="value">{{ item.value }}</div>
    <span class="link">{{ item.link }}</span>
  </template>
</el-autocomplete>

<style>
  .my-autocomplete {
    li {
      line-height: normal;
      padding: 7px;

      .value {
        text-overflow: ellipsis;
        overflow: hidden;
      }
      .link {
        font-size: 12px;
        color: #b4b4b4;
      }
    }
  }
</style>

<script>
  export default {
    data() {
      return {
        links: [],
        state3: ''
      };
    },
    methods: {
      querySearch(queryString, cb) {
        var links = this.links;
        var results = queryString ? links.filter(this.createFilter(queryString)) : links;
        // call callback function to return suggestion objects
        cb(results);
      },
      createFilter(queryString) {
        return (link) => {
          return (link.value.toLowerCase().indexOf(queryString.toLowerCase()) === 0);
        };
      },
      loadAll() {
        return [
          { "value": "vue", "link": "https://github.com/vuejs/vue" },
          { "value": "element", "link": "https://github.com/ElemeFE/element" },
          { "value": "cooking", "link": "https://github.com/ElemeFE/cooking" },
          { "value": "mint-ui", "link": "https://github.com/ElemeFE/mint-ui" },
          { "value": "vuex", "link": "https://github.com/vuejs/vuex" },
          { "value": "vue-router", "link": "https://github.com/vuejs/vue-router" },
          { "value": "babel", "link": "https://github.com/babel/babel" }
         ];
      },
      handleSelect(item) {
        console.log(item);
      },
      handleIconClick(ev) {
        console.log(ev);
      }
    },
    mounted() {
      this.links = this.loadAll();
    }
  }
</script>
```
:::

### Remote search

Search data from server-side.

:::demo
```html
<el-autocomplete
  v-model="state4"
  :fetch-suggestions="querySearchAsync"
  placeholder="Please input"
  @select="handleSelect"
></el-autocomplete>
<script>
  export default {
    data() {
      return {
        links: [],
        state4: '',
        timeout:  null
      };
    },
    methods: {
      loadAll() {
        return [
          { "value": "vue", "link": "https://github.com/vuejs/vue" },
          { "value": "element", "link": "https://github.com/ElemeFE/element" },
          { "value": "cooking", "link": "https://github.com/ElemeFE/cooking" },
          { "value": "mint-ui", "link": "https://github.com/ElemeFE/mint-ui" },
          { "value": "vuex", "link": "https://github.com/vuejs/vuex" },
          { "value": "vue-router", "link": "https://github.com/vuejs/vue-router" },
          { "value": "babel", "link": "https://github.com/babel/babel" }
         ];
      },
      querySearchAsync(queryString, cb) {
        var links = this.links;
        var results = queryString ? links.filter(this.createFilter(queryString)) : links;

        clearTimeout(this.timeout);
        this.timeout = setTimeout(() => {
          cb(results);
        }, 3000 * Math.random());
      },
      createFilter(queryString) {
        return (link) => {
          return (link.value.toLowerCase().indexOf(queryString.toLowerCase()) === 0);
        };
      },
      handleSelect(item) {
        console.log(item);
      }
    },
    mounted() {
      this.links = this.loadAll();
    }
  };
</script>
```
:::

### Input Attributes

| Attribute      | Description          | Type      | Accepted Values       | Default  |
| ----| ----| ----| ---- | ----- |
|type| type of input | string | text, textarea and other [native input types](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input#Form_%3Cinput%3E_types) | text |
|value / v-model| binding value | string / number| — | — |
|maxlength| same as `maxlength` in native input | number| — | — |
|minlength| same as `minlength` in native input | number | — | — |
|placeholder| placeholder of Input| string | — | — |
| clearable | whether to show clear button | boolean | — | false |
|disabled | whether Input is disabled | boolean | — | false |
|size | size of Input, works when `type` is not 'textarea' | string | medium / small / mini | — |
| prefix-icon   | prefix icon class  | string          | — | — |
| suffix-icon   | suffix icon class  | string          | — | — |
|rows | number of rows of textarea, only works when `type` is 'textarea' | number | — | 2 |
|autosize | whether textarea has an adaptive height, only works when `type` is 'textarea'. Can accept an object, e.g. { minRows: 2, maxRows: 6 }  | boolean / object | — | false |
|autocomplete | same as `autocomplete` in native input | string | on/off | off |
|auto-complete | @DEPRECATED in next major version | string | on/off | off |
|name | same as `name` in native input | string | — | — |
| readonly | same as `readonly` in native input | boolean | — | false |
|max | same as `max` in native input | — | — | — |
|min | same as `min` in native input | — | — | — |
|step| same as `step` in native input | — | — | — |
|resize| control the resizability | string | none, both, horizontal, vertical | — |
|autofocus | same as `autofocus` in native input | boolean | — | false |
|form | same as `form` in native input | string | — | — |
| label | label text | string | — | — |
| tabindex | input tabindex | string | - | - |
| validate-event | whether to trigger form validation | boolean | - | true |

### Input slots

| Name | Description |
|------|--------|
| prefix | content as Input prefix, only works when `type` is 'text' |
| suffix | content as Input suffix, only works when `type` is 'text' |
| prepend | content to prepend before Input, only works when `type` is 'text' |
| append | content to append after Input, only works when `type` is 'text' |

### Input Events

| Event Name | Description | Parameters |
|----| ----| ----|
| blur | triggers when Input blurs | (event: Event) |
| focus | triggers when Input focuses | (event: Event) |
| change | triggers when the icon inside Input value change | (value: string \| number) |
| clear | triggers when the Input is cleared by clicking the clear button | — |

### Input Methods

| Method | Description | Parameters |
|------|--------|-------|
| focus | focus the input element | — |
| blur | blur the input element | — |
| select | select the text in input element | — |

### Autocomplete Attributes

Attribute | Description | Type | Options | Default
|----| ----| ----| ---- | -----|
|placeholder| the placeholder of Autocomplete| string | — | — |
| clearable | whether to show clear button | boolean | — | false |
|disabled | whether Autocomplete is disabled  | boolean | — | false|
| value-key | key name of the input suggestion object for display | string | — | value |
|icon | icon name | string | — | — |
|value | binding value | string | — | — |
| debounce | debounce delay when typing, in milliseconds | number | — | 300 |
| placement | placement of the popup menu | string | top / top-start / top-end / bottom / bottom-start / bottom-end | bottom-start |
|fetch-suggestions | a method to fetch input suggestions. When suggestions are ready, invoke `callback(data:[])` to return them to Autocomplete | Function(queryString, callback) | — | — |
| popper-class | custom class name for autocomplete's dropdown | string | — | — |
| trigger-on-focus | whether show suggestions when input focus | boolean | — | true |
| name | same as `name` in native input | string | — | — |
| select-when-unmatched | whether to emit a `select` event on enter when there is no autocomplete match | boolean | — | false |
| label | label text | string | — | — |
| prefix-icon | prefix icon class | string | — | — |
| suffix-icon | suffix icon class | string | — | — |
| hide-loading | whether to hide the loading icon in remote search | boolean | — | false |
| popper-append-to-body | whether to append the dropdown to body. If the positioning of the dropdown is wrong, you can try to set this prop to false | boolean | - | true |
| highlight-first-item | whether to highlight first item in remote search suggestions by default | boolean | — | false |

### Autocomplete Slots

| Name | Description |
|------|--------|
| prefix | content as Input prefix |
| suffix | content as Input suffix |
| prepend | content to prepend before Input |
| append | content to append after Input |

### Autocomplete Scoped Slot
| Name | Description |
|------|--------|
| — | Custom content for input suggestions. The scope parameter is { item } |

### Autocomplete Events

| Event Name | Description | Parameters |
|----| ----| ----|
|select | triggers when a suggestion is clicked | suggestion being clicked |

### Autocomplete Methods

| Method | Description | Parameters |
|------|--------|-------|
| focus | focus the input element | — |
