examples/docs/en-US/pagination.md, before:

## Pagination

If you have too much data to display in one page, use pagination.

### Basic usage

:::demo Set `layout` with different pagination elements you wish to display separated with a comma. Pagination elements are: `prev` (a button navigating to the previous page), `next` (a button navigating to the next page), `pager` (page list), `jumper` (a jump-to input), `total` (total item count), `size` (a select to determine page size) and `->`(every element after this symbol will be pulled to the right).
```html
<div class="block">
  <span class="demonstration">When you have few pages</span>
  <el-pagination
    layout="prev, pager, next"
    :total="50">
  </el-pagination>
</div>
<div class="block">
  <span class="demonstration">When you have more than 7 pages</span>
  <el-pagination
    layout="prev, pager, next"
    :total="1000">
  </el-pagination>
</div>
```
:::

### Number of pagers

:::demo By default, Pagination collapses extra pager buttons when it has more than 7 pages. This can be configured with the `pager-count` attribute.
```html
<el-pagination
  :page-size="20"
  :pager-count="11"
  layout="prev, pager, next"
  :total="1000">
</el-pagination>
```
:::

### Buttons with background color

:::demo Set the `background` attribute and the buttons will have a background color.
```html
<el-pagination
  background
  layout="prev, pager, next"
  :total="1000">
</el-pagination>
```
:::

### Small Pagination

Use small pagination in the case of limited space.

:::demo Just set the `small` attribute to `true` and the Pagination becomes smaller.
```html
<el-pagination
  small
  layout="prev, pager, next"
  :total="50">
</el-pagination>
```
:::

### More elements

Add more modules based on your scenario.

:::demo This example is a complete use case. It uses `size-change` and `current-change` event to handle page size changes and current page changes. `page-sizes` accepts an array of integers, each of which represents a different page size in the `sizes` select options, e.g. `[100, 200, 300, 400]` indicates that the select will have four options: 100, 200, 300 or 400 items per page.

```html
<template>
  <div class="block">
    <span class="demonstration">Total item count</span>
    <el-pagination
      @size-change="handleSizeChange"
      @current-change="handleCurrentChange"
      :current-page.sync="currentPage1"
      :page-size="100"
      layout="total, prev, pager, next"
      :total="1000">
    </el-pagination>
  </div>
  <div class="block">
    <span class="demonstration">Change page size</span>
    <el-pagination
      @size-change="handleSizeChange"
      @current-change="handleCurrentChange"
      :current-page.sync="currentPage2"
      :page-sizes="[100, 200, 300, 400]"
      :page-size="100"
      layout="sizes, prev, pager, next"
      :total="1000">
    </el-pagination>
  </div>
  <div class="block">
    <span class="demonstration">Jump to</span>
    <el-pagination
      @size-change="handleSizeChange"
      @current-change="handleCurrentChange"
      :current-page.sync="currentPage3"
      :page-size="100"
      layout="prev, pager, next, jumper"
      :total="1000">
    </el-pagination>
  </div>
  <div class="block">
    <span class="demonstration">All combined</span>
    <el-pagination
      @size-change="handleSizeChange"
      @current-change="handleCurrentChange"
      :current-page.sync="currentPage4"
      :page-sizes="[100, 200, 300, 400]"
      :page-size="100"
      layout="total, sizes, prev, pager, next, jumper"
      :total="400">
    </el-pagination>
  </div>
</template>
<script>
  export default {
    methods: {
      handleSizeChange(val) {
        console.log(`${val} items per page`);
      },
      handleCurrentChange(val) {
        console.log(`current page: ${val}`);
      }
    },
    data() {
      return {
        currentPage1: 5,
        currentPage2: 5,
        currentPage3: 5,
        currentPage4: 4
      };
    }
  }
</script>
```
:::

### Attributes
| Attribute      | Description          | Type      | Accepted Values       | Default  |
|--------------------|----------------------------------------------------------|-------------------|-------------|--------|
| small              |   whether to use small pagination    | boolean |      —       | false |
| background | whether the buttons have a background color | boolean | — | false |
| page-size              | item count of each page, supports the .sync modifier  | number |      —       | 10 |
| total | total item count | number | — | — |
| page-count | total page count. Set either `total` or `page-count` and pages will be displayed; if you need `page-sizes`, `total` is required | number | — | — |
| pager-count | number of pagers. Pagination collapses when the total page count exceeds this value | number | odd number between 5 and 21 | 7 |
| current-page | current page number, supports the .sync modifier | number | — | 1 |
| layout | layout of Pagination, elements separated with a comma | string | `sizes`, `prev`, `pager`, `next`, `jumper`, `->`, `total`, `slot` | 'prev, pager, next, jumper, ->, total'  |
| page-sizes | options of item count per page | number[] | — |  [10, 20, 30, 40, 50, 100] |
| popper-class | custom class name for the page size Select's dropdown | string | — | — |
| prev-text | text for the prev button | string | — | — |
| next-text | text for the next button | string | — | — |
| disabled | whether Pagination is disabled | boolean | — | false |

### Events
| Event Name | Description | Parameters |
|---------|--------|---------|
| size-change | triggers when `page-size` changes | the new page size |
| current-change | triggers when `current-page` changes | the new current page |
| prev-click | triggers when the prev button is clicked and current page changes | the new current page |
| next-click | triggers when the next button is clicked and current page changes | the new current page |

### Slot
| Name | Description |
| --- | --- |
| — | custom content. To use this, you need to declare `slot` in `layout` |

Commit message:

Pagination: add hide-on-single-page attribute

examples/docs/en-US/pagination.md, after:

## Pagination

If you have too much data to display in one page, use pagination.

### Basic usage

:::demo Set `layout` with different pagination elements you wish to display separated with a comma. Pagination elements are: `prev` (a button navigating to the previous page), `next` (a button navigating to the next page), `pager` (page list), `jumper` (a jump-to input), `total` (total item count), `size` (a select to determine page size) and `->`(every element after this symbol will be pulled to the right).
```html
<div class="block">
  <span class="demonstration">When you have few pages</span>
  <el-pagination
    layout="prev, pager, next"
    :total="50">
  </el-pagination>
</div>
<div class="block">
  <span class="demonstration">When you have more than 7 pages</span>
  <el-pagination
    layout="prev, pager, next"
    :total="1000">
  </el-pagination>
</div>
```
:::

### Number of pagers

:::demo By default, Pagination collapses extra pager buttons when it has more than 7 pages. This can be configured with the `pager-count` attribute.
```html
<el-pagination
  :page-size="20"
  :pager-count="11"
  layout="prev, pager, next"
  :total="1000">
</el-pagination>
```
:::

### Buttons with background color

:::demo Set the `background` attribute and the buttons will have a background color.
```html
<el-pagination
  background
  layout="prev, pager, next"
  :total="1000">
</el-pagination>
```
:::

### Small Pagination

Use small pagination in the case of limited space.

:::demo Just set the `small` attribute to `true` and the Pagination becomes smaller.
```html
<el-pagination
  small
  layout="prev, pager, next"
  :total="50">
</el-pagination>
```
:::

### More elements

Add more modules based on your scenario.

:::demo This example is a complete use case. It uses `size-change` and `current-change` event to handle page size changes and current page changes. `page-sizes` accepts an array of integers, each of which represents a different page size in the `sizes` select options, e.g. `[100, 200, 300, 400]` indicates that the select will have four options: 100, 200, 300 or 400 items per page.

```html
<template>
  <div class="block">
    <span class="demonstration">Total item count</span>
    <el-pagination
      @size-change="handleSizeChange"
      @current-change="handleCurrentChange"
      :current-page.sync="currentPage1"
      :page-size="100"
      layout="total, prev, pager, next"
      :total="1000">
    </el-pagination>
  </div>
  <div class="block">
    <span class="demonstration">Change page size</span>
    <el-pagination
      @size-change="handleSizeChange"
      @current-change="handleCurrentChange"
      :current-page.sync="currentPage2"
      :page-sizes="[100, 200, 300, 400]"
      :page-size="100"
      layout="sizes, prev, pager, next"
      :total="1000">
    </el-pagination>
  </div>
  <div class="block">
    <span class="demonstration">Jump to</span>
    <el-pagination
      @size-change="handleSizeChange"
      @current-change="handleCurrentChange"
      :current-page.sync="currentPage3"
      :page-size="100"
      layout="prev, pager, next, jumper"
      :total="1000">
    </el-pagination>
  </div>
  <div class="block">
    <span class="demonstration">All combined</span>
    <el-pagination
      @size-change="handleSizeChange"
      @current-change="handleCurrentChange"
      :current-page.sync="currentPage4"
      :page-sizes="[100, 200, 300, 400]"
      :page-size="100"
      layout="total, sizes, prev, pager, next, jumper"
      :total="400">
    </el-pagination>
  </div>
</template>
<script>
  export default {
    methods: {
      handleSizeChange(val) {
        console.log(`${val} items per page`);
      },
      handleCurrentChange(val) {
        console.log(`current page: ${val}`);
      }
    },
    data() {
      return {
        currentPage1: 5,
        currentPage2: 5,
        currentPage3: 5,
        currentPage4: 4
      };
    }
  }
</script>
```
:::

### Attributes
| Attribute      | Description          | Type      | Accepted Values       | Default  |
|--------------------|----------------------------------------------------------|-------------------|-------------|--------|
| small              |   whether to use small pagination    | boolean |      —       | false |
| background | whether the buttons have a background color | boolean | — | false |
| page-size              | item count of each page, supports the .sync modifier  | number |      —       | 10 |
| total | total item count | number | — | — |
| page-count | total page count. Set either `total` or `page-count` and pages will be displayed; if you need `page-sizes`, `total` is required | number | — | — |
| pager-count | number of pagers. Pagination collapses when the total page count exceeds this value | number | odd number between 5 and 21 | 7 |
| current-page | current page number, supports the .sync modifier | number | — | 1 |
| layout | layout of Pagination, elements separated with a comma | string | `sizes`, `prev`, `pager`, `next`, `jumper`, `->`, `total`, `slot` | 'prev, pager, next, jumper, ->, total'  |
| page-sizes | options of item count per page | number[] | — |  [10, 20, 30, 40, 50, 100] |
| popper-class | custom class name for the page size Select's dropdown | string | — | — |
| prev-text | text for the prev button | string | — | — |
| next-text | text for the next button | string | — | — |
| disabled | whether Pagination is disabled | boolean | — | false |
| hide-on-single-page | whether to hide when thers's only one page | boolean | — | - |

### Events
| Event Name | Description | Parameters |
|---------|--------|---------|
| size-change | triggers when `page-size` changes | the new page size |
| current-change | triggers when `current-page` changes | the new current page |
| prev-click | triggers when the prev button is clicked and current page changes | the new current page |
| next-click | triggers when the next button is clicked and current page changes | the new current page |

### Slot
| Name | Description |
| --- | --- |
| — | custom content. To use this, you need to declare `slot` in `layout` |
